Eh
Did you notice that Mr. Zhao treated me today?
Is it just paying more attention to your body?
OK
Yo not bad
How much are you going to do today?
Hey, I'll wait for you.
Anyway, you will be impatient later.
I can't finish it, I'll go back to my room and get it myself
Stop looking down on people
I'll be done in a minute hmm ok hey
Hmm look
Is it all done?
The company has to move back home after a day's work
Make it late at night
Hey, but at least it's better than before
Humph
Butler, please call Wanqing over, okay?
Grandma, what are you looking for me for?
Hey, yes, yes, come and sit down if you have something to do.
Let me tell you in the late Qing Dynasty
Grandma, after getting along with you these days
I found out
You and our Omori
They all talk and behave like grandma
You already know that.
Well, I already knew that
But you have to understand
Our junior year is engaged
So you can only assist him in business.
As for the money, he won't treat you badly.
Oh.
Hey, grandma, don't worry.
Grandma don't worry
Trust you, then I'll go first
Grandma, slow down. Okay.